alright we want to go back and finish a
report we started that had a little bit
of a problem with it deals with San
Francisco being a sanctuary City as we
talked about and officials are launching
a big campaign to try to let illegal
immigrants know that they are welcome
here back now to ABC 7's Vic Lee's
report San Francisco is a sanctuary City
the city's message will appear on TV
radio posters and brochures and five
languages this is the kind of outreach
will be doing the extensive outreach
campaign will be directed at
undocumented workers and their families
in San Francisco we're going to spend
resources and time and energy and to do
PSAs to do campaign outreach into
community clicks into our public schools
into our police stations to let people
know what a sanctuary city is all about
mayor gavin newsom says he's concerned
that the federal government has been
more aggressive in its immigration raids
we will stand up and fight for people so
that they lived their lives out loud in
the light of day with dignity and
respect although there have been no
major rage recently in the city this is
one time when the supervisors will stand
behind new something this is one issue
where the political will is unified on
both sides of the aisle with a mayor
today her apartment heads and immigrant
community leaders here's one place well
you will find a compassionate people and
city government police chief Heather
Fong is featured prominently in the TV
spots we do not work on enforcing
immigration laws only safe cities to
prevent crime and what's all this
costing the city to get the word out
eighty-three thousand dollars yay Ling
Ling is with diversity Alliance for a
sustainable America the group believes
immigrants should come here legally
since this fo doesn't even have the
budget to care for american-born
homeless people and San Franciscans who
are struggling to make ends meet should
be outraged that the mayor should want
to chance them
to provide services to illegal immigrant
families city officials passed an
ordinance making San Francisco a
sanctuary City almost two decades ago
Mayor Newsom says it's time to take that
message to